YOUR NEW BODY

Exhuman. Eyes white, dark skin, no hair, lots of matte black cyberwear with red accents. Neck vents exude noxious gas. Str 44, Speed 33, Int 34, Combat 41. Hits 3 (44). Minimum stress 8. Exobrain display on side of head indicates current stress levels, giving everyone +1 stress when you take stress. Armgun with weak fingers, 2d10*100 damage, 2/2 shots, ship autocannon rounds, a Panzerfist. Metal spine, prosthetic feet, chrome teeth.
Bio-organic weapon. Grey gritty skin, cold, like a shark's. Black eyes, grey teeth, black gums. 9' tall. Can't fit in a vacc suit but can hold breath and keep eyes closed and survive for 10 + 1d10 minutes. Str 66 Speed 22 Int 32 Combat 60. Hits 3 (66). Fists deal 2d10 damage.
Genome soldier, genderless. Mottled 'camo' skin, red eyes, white hair. Do not Panic when people die or hope is lost. For you hope is a memory. Str 38, Speed 33, Int 35, Combat 44, Skills: Explosives, CQC, Surgery. Scapel, medscanner, scrubs, bioscanner pen (20m range).
A woman's body. You wake from dreams of whaling on a gas giant. Your body was a convict's. You've been through this before. Skills: Heavy Machinery, Weapon specialization - rigging guns. Combat 37, Instinct 35, Saves 29. Rigging gun, flare gun, 8 stimpacks. 
Factory Android, you cannot become bored and ignore fear saves, poison, pure CO atmosphere, vacuum. Your eyes transmit their views noisily on a public band. Your mind is a few modules jury-rigged by a friend. Skills: Mechanical repair, chemistry. Battery life: 3 days, then shutdown. Charge via back port. C 26 I 36 S 30
An emaciated male body. Not alone in it, not by half. A splinter of something else is here. Use it to reach out, to touch others' minds. And the splinter grows. Skills: first aid, hydroponics. C 21, I 38, S 45, Splinter 33. Add 1d10 to splinter per use At 90+ give your character sheet to the Warden.
Any job any where. You don't remember how this body lots its arms but you're sure someone remembers taking them. Skills Rimwise, zero-g. Prosthetic arms, one has a built-in SMG. Gear: 2 smg clips, 12 pain pills in a bottle. C 45, I 36, S 30
Bootlegger's body, prisoner tattoo listing illegal drugs, knowledge of making them as a ship's cook for marines. They handed you off and you were passed around and edited away so the body could be sold and now you're in it, this you, not the old you. Muscles remember these skills: hydroponics, brewing (+15%). Gear: photograph of this body with old friends.
Police bioroid. Steel spine, natural armor, SMG mounted on a 3rd arm mounted to your exposed metal spine. Combat 25, Instinct 27, Saves 36, Mounted SMG 48. Gear: riot armor (+10%), painkiller inhaler (5 uses), 2 smg magazines, samizdat pamphlet hidden in armor.
Unsleeping. The nightmares come whenever you sleep or lose consciousness (Sanity save, 1 stress). This includes cryosleep. You had Sandman Shunts installed so you'd never sleep again. Consume 2x oxygen and food. Occassionally the waking dreams you have bring true answers to questions. C 28, I 47, S 40, Waking Dream 33. The Warden should roll Waking Dream checks in secret once a day to see if the answers are helpful. 
Singer. C 27, I 26, S 37. Implated speaker, grey box recorder, internal recording library. Can sing anything well. Skills: Zero-G, Athletics. Gear: someone else's grey box, pliars, scapel, 5 automeds in a pillcase, shotgun, 20 shells. 
Heretic. You have scourged your old beliefs away but still blend in. Noncontroversial religious symbols tattooed on face, hands, arms. Alien pictogram scars and burns on chest, back, thighs. C 26, I 26, S 33. Skills: Xenoesoterism. Gear: chain with nails (1d10), first aid kit. 
Smuggler-maker. Shielding, discreets, misdirection, exotic metals, magnetic bottles. You've fit them into ships and into people. Then you were forced to work on yourself. Skills: Engineering, first aid, mechanical repair, cybernetics. Scientist background. C 39, I 41, S 26. Prosthetic leg with hidden compartment. Grey box hidden in false vertebrae. 6 grenades, 6 stimpacks, baggie of speedball.
Warp Core Engineer. You bottled lightening for a living. It was a blur. C 35, I 29, S 37. Save or make warp cores when raw materials available. Working engines are raw materials. Skills: Linguistics, math. Gear: Nail gun, crowbar, 30 nails, hand welder. Cyberware: Big switch.
Mind Melter. You can concentrate on another living mind and hurt it. And yourself. You were hypno conditioned in a company black site. Deal 1d100 damage to another and 1d50 to yourself, or 1d10 damage and 1d5 to yourself. When you hurt something you can see and sense through it for a moment, unless it makes an Instinct save. 7 painkillers in a bottle, vibrochete, advanced battle dress. C 33, I 37, S 18
The Butcher. In a stray piece of chrome you recognize this face. The Butcher of Everest Colony. You had watched the funeral at space for him after his military tribunal sentenced him to a firing squad. 50% of people in civilization will recognize this face. C 29, I 46, S 22. Skills chemistry. Gear: hazard suit, rebreather, unmixed binary explosive (1d100 MDMG), blasting cap, timer. 
Hullbreakers. Smart mines. Limpets. Directional antipersonnel charges. Binary explosives. Fuel-air breachers. Acidic MRDX poppers. Cortex spike. You could draw these things freehand. There are two names tattooed on the body that it cannot remember. Two primitive steel fingers with advanced touch sensitivity retrofitted. Steel teeth. Plastic ears that dim gunfire and do not ring. Big Switch. Skills: Chemistry, Explosives. C 37 I 34 S 34. Gear: 10 grenades, 50m wire, multitool. 
Stealing Neurocorp's latest android architecture was easy with the right team, which you left hanging in the wind. Then the Company did the same to you - your reward was getting mostly wiped from this body and auctioned. Just another cutout. C 29, I 44, S 41. Skills: Psychology. Gear: All black everything, 2 noise cancelling 'grenades' that work for 2d10 rounds. Little switch.
Your body was trying to visit religious centers around known space, and in some of the places beyond. Looking for God's touch. C 21, I 39, S 34. Skills: Theology. Gear: Nail gun, 30 nails, advanced battle dress. Photo holo journal, relieve 1 stress / session if you peruse it at length.
The book in hand is your own, or the last owner of the body's. Common Pathologies of Asteroid Miners of the Horse Nebula. You have a memory of trying to expose the Company's viral R&D there. You have another memory of standing trial for it. C 24, I 19, S 39. Skills: Pathology, First Aid. Scapel, environmental suit, O2 bottle, medscanner. Big switch.
The best cleaners are combat androids in boring office drone clothes. The best cheapest cleaners are people desperate enough to do the work. You know how to get rid of bodies, and the knowledge hardly makes your hands shake. Minimum stress 3. C 28, I 25, S 33, Fear 50, Sanity 44. Skills: Cleaner (+15%) -> getting rid of bodies and evidence, or obscuring such. Gear: EMP directional device (disrupts computers, too weak to work on androids). Revolver. Bottle of grain alcohol. Suitcase full of molecular acid - can dissolve approximately 3 human bodies or one airlock door. 
Military courier. Legs are gone at the hip; you have sockets there. Right outside your cryopod, there's a small tracked rig that can climb stairs and fit through airlocks and doors. It can follow behind you slowly if you have to crawl through something. It weighs about 200 pounds. Top half of a vacc suit can plug right into it. C 37, I 25, S 35. Speed (on rig) 67, Speed (off rig) 8. Gear: armored vest (+5%), quart of oil.
They're crawling around inside you. They're crawling around in side you. They are crawling around in your chest, in your guts. Feeding themselves on something in your spine. You can see through their eyes even when they're inside you. You are a containment and delivery system for them. A mobile home for whatever they are. Their stats: C 38, I 20, S 38, Skills: Mechanical repair 40, computers 55. Hits = X(10), where X is the number you released. You have 5, can hold 8. Your stats: C 27, I 34, S 42. Sanity save to see through the swarm. When you do so your body is inert. You can give them very simple commands and they'll be fine on their own, otherwise check their Instinct. Gear: electronic repair kit, 13 pain pills.
Limbs splayed with blood vessel scarring - not from junk, but from pressure loss. Feet replaced with steel hands. C 40, I 35, S 23, Speed in zero-g 50. Skills: zero-g. Gear: specially modified vacc suit, covered in stickers. Rigging gun, 7 spear-head bolts, 3 sticky bolts (no damage, adhesive-based). 2 O2 bottles. 
Sometimes the fire talks to you. Sometimes it makes you feel warm, like a memory of home. You don't remember your home, but you remember the fire. In it things slough away their lies and show their true selves. Not everything has a true self. Not most people. If you set a substantial fire, make a Sanity check. On a pass you lose 1 stress, otherwise you talk to the fire. C 44, I 38, S 31. Flamethrower, infared goggles. 
Something went wrong. Flesh is cold. No pulse. No breathing. But this is not an android's body. You are trapped in subtlely rotting meat. Health is highest stat * 4, but you cannot heal naturally. You never bleed. Fail a body save, make a panic check. C 31, I 29, S 19.
Steel teeth in an augmented jaw (1d10). One arm ends in a hydralic jaws-of-life (4d10, 2 actions to use in an attack). Your guts miswired. You want to drink oil and eat circuitry. Sanity save or you do so when you can, body save or sick, [-], for 1d10 minutes. C 23, I 44, S 32, Body weapon use 43. Skill: scavenge. Gear: quart of oil. 
